my name is Jamel melts I live in New
York City I am an artist I want to show
people I can do some things without
speaking I love dancing and I am writing
a novel and the musical I am also a
lovable elegant and sensitive dude
I'm not to write because it shows my
talents and skills writing also gives me
a chance to communicate to others and
the world around me my dream is to be an
orphan like the Harry Potter author JK
Rowling here is part of my story called
The Legend of the gods the legends of
the gods by Gennaro Mel's a long time
ago there were six powerful Gus
trying to set the world from huge each
was part demon path which one of the
evil demon helper for the Wicked Witch I
say ditch one scroll of Hope so you
could rule the world the gods trying to
stop teach but he turned them into
slaves of the demons
Along Came Cheryl the guardian stopped
each watch me flavoring attack the two
magical powers caused a flash I banish
you to the astral plane now I'd like you
to come to my dance world I feel proud
when people realize that I am a great
dancer my stage name is the master
she's the best watch
like it's Quidditch
Supercat seven years
I love right over jet seven it's the
Parthians and it's like right everything
I want to say is in my court assess
vocabulary file I can take pictures and
go on the web I chose to use Brian
male-male British voice because my best
friend Joe has a British accent I can
finally talk after all these years